Add window.level to set window level (Normal, AlwaysOnTop). (#8269)
alacritty/alacritty: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.15.0-dev

### Added

> - window.level sets preferred window level (Normal, AlwaysOnTop).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Config option `window.level = "AlwaysOnTop"` to force Alacritty to always be the toplevel window
```

## 0.15.0-dev

### Added

> - AlwaysOnTop window level provides always on top window placement on platforms that support it.

Reviewer 2: This should document the new config option, like `window.level` to set preferred window level.

### Fixed

> - Mouse/Vi cursor hint highlighting broken on the terminal cursor line

Reviewer 2: This looks like a rebase artifact.
